Now what we are going to see is how to edit
our profile before we saw the structure
I had but now we are going to enter more
specifically in it for it in the menu
top right we click on
our name and we access the profile
here that we will have as we said
before a series of options we found
on the one hand if we go over the
header image as it will appear
an option to change cover here what
What we can do is change this
head this image if for we are
about the profile image
we could avoid the profile picture and now
I say so from taking a picture with
the webcam of the computer or if we are in
the mobile with the camera of the mobile
choose a photo that we already have upload
on facebook or directly upload a
photo that we have in our computer
then then let's see how
update what would be our
information
all the information that our
our friends are going to see what we expel
about updating information and here
we are seeing
Well, the whole area of information that
we have from training and employment here
so here what we will do is
example in job training then
we can add jobs because
we would write the post and
we would simply give it to add or
we can edit the jobs
in which we have already been for example
clicking on edit then we can
associate the post and we can even
choose who can see that
information for example in the place in
the one that we work for surely it is
interesting that is
that is public but perhaps already the place
of residence another type of information
then we can decide that it is or private
in this case it appears as public but
let's go down and I'll put
cancel because we have not modified anything
and here good simply because then
example was shown we want in the part
of studies we can add even
I want to say that you can
add many options and you can
configure then quite accurately
then in the basic information that
I look like the date of birth
then in this case if I what
I want is
For example, modify privacy
let's edit
then here
You see that this option always appears
where we can choose who we want
see our search for the data that
we have published in this case because the
date of birth he published I have it
only for my friends could I even
let him only see me or some
users specifically then well
we will be able to do with everyone with
each of the data we have in
ours in our profile and it's very
important this part of privacy because
to avoid
problems sometimes with some issues by
example and we can even put
Politic ideology
maybe it's interesting that that's not what
there can be anyone and about
everything when looking for work
and well what else can we do?
here this activity registration area
here what we are going to find is everything
those interactions that we have had
on facebook since or who have interacted
with us because for example it appears
oriol to create a list
oriol has continued to like a link is
say in this way we will see everything
what all our interactions
on facebook and so we can also
edit if for example
we have put I like that we have
wrong we want to review it here what
we have also we can see in this
zone for example who has interacted
with us and they have mentioned us
have tagged in a photo or in a
publication and this option is important
because we can check if we do not show
in photographs that we do not want
appear or appear in comments that
not that we are not interested in this way
we can choose it myself
How do I set up Facebook?
in such a way that when someone
label then I get a
notification in the registry and you see here
1 review of the labels appears
Well, that means someone has
ticket given then I here and to be able
choose if I want to add this tag or
I do not want it to appear on my wall if the
I ignore then directly
it does not appear tagged in that image and
none of my friends could see me there
or people who are not friends of mine
what would be profile configuration
we would have this area that from the
options that simply allow us
For example, this option is
very useful that is to see how with this
what we will achieve is to study our
privacy to see
how other users see us and so we can
filter or work more the issues of
privacy then good here in this
case if I do not put any name then you see
that with this is the look of your
biography for public is to say here
we will see
anyone who is not my friend
how will you see my profile
and then we can also see it see how
someone in particular if we click on
this option we could put the name of
a person and see or enter as if
that person is to say that he will see that
my profile person
then now
so we could manage our
correctly privacy
to